today you will learn how to make spring
rolls using homemade wrappers now let's
see the ingredients needed to make the
wrappers to make the spring roll wrapper
in a mixing bowl add 1/2 a cup of plain
flour 1/2 a cup of corn flour and a
pinch of salt stir to combine all the
dry ingredients and add in a little
water at a time to make a batter of
thick pouring consistency make sure the
batter is free from lumps you can
optionally use a sieve to remove the
lumps from the batter and make it smooth
to cook the wrapper heat and grease a
10-inch nonstick pan with oil now pour
in a laddle of batter into the pan and
tilt the pan around quickly to make a
thin circle cook the wrapper on medium
heat until you see the sides are
beginning to peel off when the sides
begin to peel off flip the wrapper and
cook on the other side for a few seconds
repeat the process with the remaining
batter to make more wrappers now that
the wrappers are ready let's see the
ingredients needed to make the filling
for the spring rolls
let's begin by heating a tablespoon of
oil in a wok on high heat add in a
quarter cup of sliced onions a teaspoon
of grated ginger a quarter cup of sliced
green peppers quite a cup of shredded
cabbage and finally a quarter cup of
julienned carrots saute the vegetables
on high heat until lightly softened once
the vegetables are softened add in the
salt and black pepper saute for a couple
of more minutes and then turn off the
heat allow the mixture to cool
completely next we will make the sealant
for the wrapper in a small bowl add in 3
tablespoons of flour and a little bit of
water to make a smooth and a thick paste
now let's learn how to fill and shape
the spring rolls place the spring roll
wrapper on the flat surface now place a
tablespoon of filling on one corner of
the wrapper apply a little flour paste
along the edges of the wrapper the flour
paste is important as it helps seal the
spring roll so they don't open up when
fried without applying too much pressure
fold and from the filled corners and
begin rolling until you reach the center
now apply a little more paste along the
folded edges next fold both the ends
arising from the center towards the
inside roll forward until you reach the
end making sure the edges are sealed
well repeat the process and proceed to
make the rest of the rolls we will now
preheat the oil for deep frying once the
oil is heated add in a roll at a time
and deep fry on medium heat until golden
brown in color this process of deep
frying takes a good 4 to 5 minutes first
spring roll once browned evenly drain
the excess oil and place them on a
serving platter serve these delicious
spring rolls with a hot and spicy
Szechuan sauce these crunchy and
delicious spring rolls make perfect
appetizers to serve for your parties